@Shabbat
page 10: 2 in rif and 3 in mefaresh
@Eruvin
page 29: 1 in rif and 3 in mefaresh
page 61: 3 in rif and 4 in mefaresh
Beitzah
page 35: 2 in rif and 1 in mefaresh
@Bava Kamma
page 12: 4 in rif and 5 in mefaresh
page 15: 1 in rif and 4 in mefaresh
page 44: 1 in rif and 5 in mefaresh
page 64: 4 in rif and 5 in mefaresh
page 65: 4 in rif and 11 in mefaresh
@Bava Metzia
page 19: 3 in rif and 4 in mefaresh
page 23: 5 in rif and 6 in mefaresh
page 32: 9 in rif and 10 in mefaresh
page 48: 1 in rif and 4 in mefaresh
page 75: 4 in rif and 5 in mefaresh
page 92: 2 in rif and 9 in mefaresh
page 104: 6 in rif and 7 in mefaresh
page 106: 2 in rif and 4 in mefaresh
page 110: 9 in rif and 10 in mefaresh
page 115: 5 in rif and 6 in mefaresh
page 123: 13 in rif and 14 in mefaresh
page 135: 3 in rif and 4 in mefaresh
@Bava Batra
page 29: 5 in rif and 7 in mefaresh
page 31: 19 in rif and 20 in mefaresh
page 54: 7 in rif and 8 in mefaresh
page 58: 9 in rif and 10 in mefaresh
page 98: 2 in rif and 4 in mefaresh
page 112: 3 in rif and 5 in mefaresh
page 114: 4 in rif and 5 in mefaresh
page 149: 1 in rif and 3 in mefaresh
page 155: 1 in rif and 2 in mefaresh
@Shevuot
page 48: 2 in rif and 3 in mefaresh
@Menachot
page 3: 1 in rif and 6 in mefaresh
page 4: 1 in rif and 2 in mefaresh
page 6: 1 in rif and 5 in mefaresh
page 7: 3 in rif and 2 in mefaresh
page 8: 2 in rif and 4 in mefaresh
page 11: 1 in rif and 2 in mefaresh
page 16: 1 in rif and 4 in mefaresh
page 21: 1 in rif and 4 in mefaresh
